{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;
\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
A complete video on building and launching the project can be found in the \'93Build and Launch Video\'94.\
\
Xcode is necessary in order to run and test the application. If you would like to view application functionality without building and launching the app, detailed workflow videos are available in the \'93Docs and Workflow Videos\'94 folder. Screenshots of the application\'92s screens are also available in the \'93GUI Screenshots\'94 folder within \'93Docs and Workflow Videos\'94 folder.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1. Download Xcode from\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/xcode/downloads/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 https://developer.apple.com/xcode/downloads/}}. 
\b Make sure the Xcode version is 9 or above.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 2. Open Xcode, click on "Xcode" in the top bar, and click on "Preferences".\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3. Click on the "Accounts" tab, click the plus button, and sign into your Apple account.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4. Open the folder named "WildcatLibrary".\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5. Double click on the file named "WildcatLibrary.xcworkspace". The project should now open into Xcode. \
\
Note: Some versions of Xcode may display an error saying \'93Cannot load underlying module for 'ImageSlideshow\'92\'94 in the class \'93
\f1\fs22 \cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 FirstViewController.swift\'94.
\f0\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 This is an issue with the editor and not the project or code. You can still go ahead and build and run the project without errors.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 6. Click on "WildcatLibrary" in the navigation window to the left. (The topmost folder in the hierarchy).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 7. Under "Team", select the account that you signed in with.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 8. Fill in a unique "Bundle Identifier\'94.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 9. Plug in your iPhone if you would like to test the app on a physical device. In the top left of the window, you can select which device/simulator to run on to the right of the play button and then click the play button to run. In the video, the test begins by running the app on a virtual device, then on a physical device. 
\b The device/simulator must be iOS 11.0.1 or above.
\b0 \
\
Note: \
These steps may be needed for testing on physical devices:\
After Xcode installs the app on the phone, go to Settings > General > Device Management > the email you used to sign in. Then click trust developer and you can now open the app.\
}